# OIBSIP

This is an oasis infobyte java programmer internship repository where I had done two tasks in java programming language.

Tasks are :

    1. Number Guessing Game
    2. ATM Interface

NUMBER GUESSING GAME:-

This is a funny and easy "Guess the Number" game. It is a short java project allows user to guess the number generated by the computer and involves the following:

1. The system generates a random number from range of 1-100.

2. The user will get a Java Swing JFrame based UI to take inputs from the user, inputs like player name, number,etc.

3. The system then tells if the number entered matches the computer generated number, if not matches the generated number computer will give hints like the number greater / lower than the generated number.

4. Player has to play 3 rounds.

5. Points will decrease as per the number of attempts.

6. At last the total score will be displayed and can start a new game from that window.

So, this is about Number Guessing Game.

ATM Interface:-

This is a java project consists of five different classes and it is a console-based application. When the system starts the user asked to register and after that user has to login themself using the previous details. After these 2 processes, the user will be able to perform follwing functionalities:

1. Withdraw

2. Deposit

3. Transfer

4. Check Balance

5. Transaction History

6. Exit

Based on above functionalities the whole project is having five classes i.e., bankaccount, transaction, check, his and atm(main class).

So, this is a basic idea about the ATM interface project.
